In some ways, deploying applications have gotten easier,
and in some ways, deployments have gotten harder.
You have a lot of choices you day in should I deploy to a cloud environment,
should I run my app on rack servers,
should my app be an executable JAR file or a WAR file,
and so on?
To help you pick a strategy that will work for your project,
I'm going to run through these options,
as well as discuss the correct way of packaging and bunding a Spring Boot
application that includes the JAR option and the WAR file options.
Now that we have a robust enough conference API-based application,
let's take it to the last and final step, and that's getting it deployed.